This is a head gum original.
Guys, you know my problem with edibles, sometimes you get way too high.
It can really be difficult to control the dose it right, and there's nothing worse than
being baked out of your mind when you didn't plan on it.
And you know once you eat it, there's no going back.
You just sit there, suffering, stone out of your mind.
Well that's why when I need the perfect medium high, I hit up my friends a diet smoke for
their delicious Delta 8 THC gummies.
So what exactly is Delta 8?
Well Delta 8 is simply a less potent THC.
The THC you're probably most familiar with is Delta 9, and while both are natural to the
cannabis plant, diet smoke extracts their Delta 8 from hemp.
Some may call this a loophole.
I call it the secret recipe to getting a smooth, stable, and most importantly, legal high.
Diet smoke is legal in most states, and it's non-prescription.
Check diet smoke's website to see if they ship their delicious gummies to your state.
Now you're probably asking yourself, does diet smoke really look good for high?
Of course, the high you get when diet smoke is best described is somewhere between the
chillness of CBD, and that classic stone feeling you get with regular weed.
Plus, diet smoke comes in two delicious flavors, blue raspberry and watermelon.
I like blue raspberry, but Marieka Brownlee houses watermelon.
I say try I'm both.
So when CBD isn't enough, and traditional THC is too much, enjoy the smooth buzz of
diet smoke.
Each gummy is infused with 10 milligrams of Delta 8 THC derived from American grown
hemp.
And you know what they say, buy American, good high with American.
Delta 8 gummies are low in sugar, fat free, and delicious.
And I did mention their legal, yeah, so go to diet smoke.com and use promo code, what's
that to get 20% off your first order?
As a special offer, diet smoke scoop on code can be used on every order.
Again, that's dietsmoke.com, promo code, what's that for 20% off?
Diet smokes Delta 8 THC gummies are not for use or sale to people under the age of 21.
Please use responsibly.
Next, diet smoke.
I haven't had gum in a minute.
I haven't.
I haven't either.
I have a piece if you want one.
I probably shouldn't cause we're recording a podcast.
You all ready for audio?
Come on.
Right up again, Dad.
You know, we're simply trying to understand what you're doing.
I haven't done this show in a real long time, and I just remembered why bottoms up, right?
Oh, this is a shot of espresso.
Oh, yeah.
Passion fruit, green tea bubble tea.
I've been taking espresso like a shot of whiskey, just to see if it hits me.
And oh boy, oh boy, does it.
I finally feel alive.
Interesting.
I'm also interested.
Yeah.
No, it's like having a shot of whiskey in the beer.
No.
It's all caffeine.
So it's like having a shot of whiskey and then a big cup of whiskey.
It's a red eye.
It's a red eye with the ingredients separated.
It's like a deconstructed burger, but in terms of red eye.
My good.
Is that it?
Correctly.
Yours is a stretch.
All right.
Mine is, uh...
Oh.
There it is.
He's on.
He's on the cold road.
He's on the espresso.
You're firing on all cylinders.
Let's hear about you guys.
All right, because it's not the Jeff show on this podcast.
Usually is.
Yeah.
Really?
I feel like you.
Yeah.
You take up a lot of space on the steam roll.
Damn, Daniel.
Michael, what's new in what's new in the neighborhood with you?
Not much, man.
You left.
You were here.
And then you left.
And now it's actually really nice out.
You were here for, you were here for the three worst months.
Yeah.
The year.
The first three days I was in New York.
It was gorgeous fall weather.
And then the shit hit the fan.
So to speak.
There was two nice days where it was above 50 degrees.
Sounds like, sounds like winter.
Yeah.
But, you know, I'm back.
And I'm happy.
Don't forget.
Oh, wow.
I had to go ahead and hit him with langers today.
I got a turkey sand though.
Just feel that New York vibe.
The quiver in your voice, as you said, you were happy.
It betrayed a lot.
Yeah.
I'm sure.
Do you miss you?
What's up?
I was asked.
What do you miss the most?
What do I miss the most?
Is the access.
Right?
And he was saying to which.
I can walk across the goddamn street.
If I want one here, I have to walk like four blocks.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I think that was just like being privileged with the neighborhood.
You live in for sure.
But.
I'm great.
You live in location location.
Location.
America.
I mean.
Let's kind of like lift the veil here.
Let's get into it for real.
Instead of doing this like show this dog and pony nonsense that we do every week.
Right?
What's there?
Like, I don't know like, let's be ourselves in this episode.
We don't have to put on anything.
Let alone the risk.
All right.
What?
Jake.
What's up?
Yeah.
Nothing.
Nothing really.
I don't know.
I was, I was traveling a little bit.
I went to LA.
I went to Mexico.
It was nice.
I learned how to surf.
And I hurt my rib.
So I didn't learn that good.
Did you hit like hard sand?
No, I hit hard board.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Just kind of like bouncing and bobbing up and down on the surfboard and getting tossed around.
It did a number on the old rib cage.
But it's still hanging ten.
I'm going to persevere.
It isn't important to hang loose.
Aloha lifestyle.
Um, and I'll be back out there in the cut in four to six weeks.
Oh, yeah.
Actually doing this hurts my rib a little bit.
It's a rib to twist your wrist.
It hurts my rib to even breathe deeply, Jeff.
So yeah.
I've been doing this for a little.
Have you gone to a doctor?
Did you bruise your rib?
I haven't gone to a doctor.
But I have self diagnosed that I bruised my rib.
Or theoretically, be worse.
Yeah.
You could be worse.
You could have fractured it.
Go to it.
But it seems like the same.
It seems like you kind of do the same thing either way.
Yeah.
Which is rest, rest, ice, and rest.
So far.
Yeah.
I'm going to get back out there in the rib.
And then you got to get back on the board, bra.
And then you got to rest for four to six weeks.
Cause you hurt your rib again.
Can I in Mexico?
Okay.
So I feel like I've never gone surfing.
What is the ratio of people that are on the beach surfing versus like boogie boarding?
Mm-hmm.
Is that still a thing that people do?
Cause I would be down to the boogie board.
There were some boogie boarders there for sure.
The beach that we were out was like a surfers beach.
And it seemed like a lot of people go there to like,
to surf big waves a little further.
So I surf like the new one.
I was like, see, foam boogie board.
You fit a shark design on it and tried to hit those waves.
I'd be ostracized and laughing.
No, you wouldn't be ostracized.
You wouldn't be ostracized.
I was doing looked lamer than what you would be doing.
Because at least you would be by yourself.
And you'd be self-sufficient.
I was just on a board that was being held by a strong Mexican man.
Kind of twisting and turning me in the surf.
And then pushing the board and telling me went to paddle and went to stand.
All right, cool.
Action.
Bronson.
Boogie boards.
Iraq boys.
That's insane.
If that makes you feel anyway.
It does make me feel better.
I haven't gone into the ocean and I want to say over a decade.
But.
Wow.
But it does make me feel better.
What about action?
Keen to Bronson.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it's like, it was great.
Really?
I thought it was Keen to cause like,
like a lesson.
Yeah.
Um.
But yeah.
Abbott Elementary is pretty good.
Yeah.
Stress is me out.
I think it's.
Yeah.
I think it's a good.
You don't have to agree with everyone during conversation.
Yeah.
Totally.
I don't think that's true at all.
Based on how you lead your life and the spot cast in particular.
Yeah.
You just screaming us as the first thing you did.
Continue.
Um.
My weekend was.
It's fine.
The return of Formula One.
We got to talk about it.
I will say we I've already portioned off.
Okay.
Time to talk about it.
I started watching drive to survive.
Yes.
I'm only three episodes in.
She's a one season.
Are you watching?
Um.
But I know that the first race was this weekend because my buddy Kevin, who I was just skiing with in Colorado, watched it.
And I never met eyes because like it's, you know, you know, no spoiler alert.
All right.
We were like three seasons away.
Yeah.
You got to.
You got to either.
Absolutely.
Finish by the next time we record and that's not.
We record this show.
But we're when the next time you guys are on.
I'll have caught up with problems.
And that's going to do.
What are your.
What are your feelings on the based on the first few episodes.
Yeah.
There's some drama going on in those first apps.
It's tough because like I know who you guys root for.
And I know that there was, you know, a driver who changed teams, you know.
So that's that's why I'm trying to avoid that shit.
Because I don't want to know that signs ended up.
Uh, you know, you know, he's got a lock in his garage.
Um, but that.
So I mean, with all things in a vacuum if I was just watching the first season.
And that was now.
I think I would be maybe maybe a Danny Riccardo.
I told him.
I told him he was going to love Daniel Riccardo.
And obviously, I love Danny Riccardo even more now than I do when I was first.
I just don't say anything.
I don't say anything goes anything goes will.
Okay.
Yeah.
Sure.
But is that it?
Um, no, I like Daniel Riccardo.
And then I like the, uh, I like the host team.
Their drivers are somewhat boring.
I don't think Kevin Magnus 10 is interesting.
Um, I think Alonso got to get out of the game.
I mean, what are you pushing 40 in the friends zone?
This is a good.
Um, yeah, a good time for you to get into this now.
Yeah.
And also, I like to welcome any listeners.
If you guys have been listening to Marieka and Jake Wax non-sensical about
shit, you don't understand.
Come aboard team Jeff.
Oh, you know, sucks.
The fucking Williams team.
Please talk.
Yeah.
They do.
I don't want to listen.
Like the way that the dad, the dad of the driver was like,
Oh, he's never made a mistake.
Like that.
And she's like, yeah.
Well, I mean, thank you.
I was like, no, no, no.
This is the first time he's done it.
And she's like, all right.
Whatever his name is.
Uh, why?
Is it with TV or Noah's stroll?
Uh-huh.
Is it like a stroll?
Who do they drive for?
Wait, what do you mean?
Williams.
Williams runs on a Mercedes engine.
Oh, so far.
Yeah.
It's like, yeah.
So, okay, so the way Williams did, did stroll go from Williams to you.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
I thought he was, I thought he was, I thought he was.
I was even on the first one.
Yeah.
I mean, he, he needs to race for a team that is dad owns.
Because otherwise he wouldn't be racing.
Yeah.
So I don't think he's kind of, he's probably forever.
But he, you know, stick to the go cards, right?
Yeah.
No, he's pretty bad.
Yeah, he's terrible.
Um, but no, we do have some time again, portioned off.
So I don't want to make it.
Okay.
Two for me.
Yeah.
I can't wait for that.
Hit him with our bonds of the fucking week this week.
My bond of the week is John, please.
All right.
Interesting.
It's fun.
Like a, you know, John, please.
No.
Here.
You must not.
No, John, please.
He created.
He just passed on in a minute.
Now he moved to an island called Nevis, baby.
You must not.
No, John, please.
Did I mention he loves somewhere named Nevis.
So don't you ever, or a second, get to thinking.
He doesn't like Nevis.
John, please, lives on an island called Nevis.
I think it's called Nevis.
What?
He could still not, that helpful on time, he who he is.
He did something racist recently.
He has some, he like, I think he's just a contrarian.
I, I really dug into it when I was writing these.
Generational lyrics and I was like, yeah,
as any like super problematic nowadays,
I think he's just like loves to go against the grain
because I couldn't find anything super cancelable.
All right, all right.
Yeah.
Um, my bond of the week, which I don't, I don't know if someone's done before,
but I'm going to go with Daniel Radcliffe.
Um, I saw the lost city this weekend,
starring Sandra Bullock,
um,
Channing Tatum, one of our greatest comedic actors.
Uh, and Daniel Radcliffe plays villain.
And I know James Bond is not a villain,
but I feel like it's, he could do a similar vibe,
because he's really good at the villain.
They're like fun.
A eccentric guy.
Actually, baby, maybe he should be in bond,
and he's like,
you do the segment.
You force everyone to fucking talk every single time.
We know we're straight from the bottom of the bill with the bond of the week.
We know like, I do something like that.
Bond villain, I'm sorry.
You call me out on it and then we move on.
My bond villain of the week is going to be
Daniel Radcliffe.
My bond of the week,
Jesse Eisenberg.
What are you talking about?
How do you so sad if he was born here?
That would ruin it for me.
They would be, it's like trying to make,
you remember when they tried to make nerds cool
when it was like, yeah,
it'd be like that,
but that's, that can't happen.
Bond can never be nerdified.
That's why I'm picking Lando Norris,
as my bond of the week.
Who?
F-1 driver from McLaren?
Lando Norris?
Oh, no, he comes in in season two.
He's not there yet.
That's so sexy, British.
Yes, he is.
He's a little, he's a little, he's a little,
actually in season four,
he's kind of a dirtbag, I think.
He's a little, he's a little simply.
Yeah, I mean, I get that.
And I don't play him.
Right.
They're all, I mean, you have to be in
sanely arrogant if you're driving a
cart to 100 miles per hour,
and you think you're the best.
Yeah.
There's no, there's no way that
you're also like a cool casual dude.
Yeah.
But, yeah, sometimes when you hear everybody
on the radio, you're like,
I like this guy and then you hear them,
like, to tell an old man to shut the fuck up
and you're like, oh,
I got it.
No, that is, but makes me happier whenever they come over the radio and they're like,
really, can you stop talking?
I mean, it's like, of course, like, it wasn't the Russian Grand Prix.
He's like, they were telling him to box or whatever, he was like, shut up, shut up, shut up,
and then this car spun out and he could have loved it.
Oh, I'm pretty at all.
Yeah, Micah, bond of the week.
I didn't consider that it didn't have to be an actor, but I think the, who's the guy who stars
in Night of?
In the Night of?
Yeah, the show, the Night of the Night of the Night of the Night.
Is it a resound net?
Yes, it is.
That's my pick.
That's cool.
It's good one.
It's almost as good as my dev Patel.
Yeah.
Which would actually be to go bond.
I think I said that one too.
Because it's like, it's like deviate, maybe it was you the entire time, but it's deviate
from the, from a white guy, but just enough, so everyone's still comfortable with it.
This just in breaking news, I think we might be the first outlet to get this.
Molly Parton has withdrawn her name from nomination into the rock and roll Hall of Fame.
Yeah.
It's having a wish.
I don't know if we're an outlet.
We definitely shouldn't be called an outlet.
I am going to try and get a fucking press badge to something important.
All right.
But honestly, I really hope you do try.
Yeah, I'm going to see it.
I think that'll be a good bit.
Yeah.
So Dolly Parton said, thinks that she's not good enough to be in the rock hall.
That's not true.
She thinks that she, she's never released a rock and roll album.
Mm-hmm.
That's true.
That's what that was what she said.
And she said, if she ever, that's the sides too.
It's good insight from you.
Yeah.
Thank you.
No, but I mean, I think it's honorable because yeah, she was basically, I think one
of the quotes too was like, I'd love to be reconsidered.
I just need to, I think this is like God winking at me that I need to release a rock
album, like Linda Ronstatt style, Linda Ronstatt next year.
And I think that, I mean, we should talk about it.
Headgums up for, I think, at least four quill podcasting awards.
For dead eyes, for best, best series.
All right.
Yeah.
Maybe a lot of them.
Colctures.
The side down.
Yeah.
Gumball.
Best tech.
I actually up for five because we're up for two gumball ones.
Okay.
So we have, basically, we have a lot of things in the mix.
But I'm wondering if we pull it to Ollie, if we withdraw our name from the nomination,
something we're getting a ton of press, because like how punk rock is that, if we're like,
we don't need the award.
And we don't even know if we deserve it because this stuff was good.
But see what we drop next year.
The difference is that I think we submitted ourselves for all of these awards.
So it's kind of like, hey, do this work.
Then actually never mind.
We take it back.
So.
Huh.
Yeah.
It is.
And like, spoiler alert, all awards, you got a submit for a pretty much stuff.
I don't know if that shakes up your view of the world.
I mean, this information to me, you're getting my library act right now.
And I think it's pretty interesting.
So it's not.
I don't know.
You guys.
I don't know what this show's going to end up being in a couple minutes.
No, I miss.
I miss the the word of the week.
Yeah.
I just can't keep spending that much money.
And I think it might have to be taxed.
It doesn't.
We established it doesn't.
Also, you want to pay people.
You could just say they found the word of the week.
I should pay them over $600.
You would have to you'd have to send them a 1099.
They would get taxed.
You actually can write that off as a loss.
Well, then you know what, I'm going to send you guys something for $70,000.
Well, imagine writing off more than you make.
That's great.
I wouldn't do that.
Then I get like tens of thousands of dollars.
Great.
Yeah.
You know, I got the word all today and two speaking of word of the week and quit the slack.
And I'm proud of you for that.
I'm done.
Yeah.
Out.
Because you got into your done.
I'd always said that if I failed and I couldn't get it in six or if I got it in
two, I would quit.
And I've actually done both now.
I need to get out the game.
It's kind of the point where wordle is not fun for me.
It's I wake up with a little with a small sense of dread.
Yeah.
I.
I still think it's fun.
Like it doesn't have the same.
It doesn't have quite the same like thing anymore, but I'm going to keep doing it.
Yeah.
Like others.
I've I've stopped playing like the other versions for the most part.
You're not doing it.
I'm too old.
Pist me off so much.
I haven't done those on a while.
I did this a mantle yesterday and bar with my friends.
As we get the meeting.
Right.
Yeah.
Me and my two friends were sitting at a bar all doing cement.
That sounds like a American girl.
Oh, the whole name.
That's when you put something on a mantle.
Yeah.
Oh, well, we do have to take a quick break or hit in the 20 minute mark here.
Thanks for sponsors.
We're getting some good ones.
We got fair fairity.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
I mean, I mean, Jake said it best.
I've loved fairity's clothes for the better part of a decade.
Yeah.
Did you get close?
I haven't used my voucher yet, but you know I'm going to go for a
reversible long sleeve.
No.
Go to commercial man.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, I start my day every day with athletic greens.
And it makes me feel happier, healthier, wealthier and fun, really.
So what is this stuff?
Well, in the one delicious scoop of athletic greens, you're absorbing 75 high-quality
vitamins, minerals, whole-food source superfoods, probiotics and adaptogens to help start
your day right.
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health, your nervous system, your
immune system, energy, recovery, focus and aging, all the things.
I take it first thing in the morning.
I'll have a couple of water and then I'll do my athletic greens and then an hour
later I'll do my cold brew or coffee, whatever.
And it just, I'm off to the races.
I mean, I really, it definitely gives me more energy.
It helps me feel more balanced, more with more mental clarity, definitely.
And I've even got George Sava, my roommate, starting to love this stuff.
The taste is great.
It's not too, you know, vegetal, let's say.
It's almost a little sweet.
Tons of people take some kind of multivitamin and it's important to choose one with high-quality
ingredients that your body will actually absorb.
A.G.
One, athletic greens is drink as a small micro habit with big benefits.
There's one thing you can do every single day to take care of yourself.
And your subscription also comes with a year supply of vitamin D, which is incredibly
important, especially in the winter month.
And then we're getting into spring here, but still, you might even want to, you know,
give it going was green.
Athletic greens was created when the founder experienced a ton of gut health issues and ended
up on a complicated supplement routine to recover.
Cost him over $100 a day, so he created athletic greens after experiencing how difficult
it was to create an optimal nutrition routine on your own.
So right now, it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system with convenient,
daily nutrition, especially heading into cold and flu season.
It's just one scoop of in a cup of water every day.
That's it.
No need for a million different pills and supplements to look out for your health.
And to make it easy, athletic greens is going to give you a free one-year supply, again,
of immune-supporting vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
All you have to do is visit athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
To take control over your health and pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance.
Thanks, athletic greens.
Guys, winter is supposed to be a hybronation time, right?
And I'm not going to deny, I'm staying in more than usual, but that doesn't mean I'm
not busy or that I want to spend all my time in the kitchen.
Luckily, I don't have to meal plan or prep, and I can still eat well, now that I leave
my meals to factor.
Factor makes it easy for me to clean 24-7 with fresh, never frozen prepared meals that
are so delicious.
You wouldn't believe they're actually good for you.
Factor saves me time by delivering Chefcrafted meals to my doorstep, eliminating the hassle
of grocery shopping and meal prep.
Not to mention cleanup.
No dishes to wash here, alright?
I don't have a dishwasher.
So dishes take forever, it's my least favorite chore to do, and grocery shopping even once
a week.
Well, everyone's every two weeks.
It can be like 45 minutes to an hour, that's a lot of time.
But each factor meal arrives pre-prepared and ready to eat in just two minutes, which
is faster than even ordering in.
Factor tackles the tough stuff, so I don't have to.
Their registered dietitians and expert chefs work hand in hand to create meals with nutritious
ingredients, and with more than 29 meal options each week, I'm never bored.
Factor even knows my preferences.
They offer vegan and veggie meals, keto meals, low calorie options, cold press juices,
smoothies, energy bites, plant-based bars, extra protein options, veggie sides, and more
to keep me fueled and focused all day.
So head to go.factor75.com slash what's that 120?
And use code what's that 120 to get $120 off?
That's code what's that 120 at go.factor75.com slash what's that 120?
We're $120 off, thanks, Factor.
We lost a team member because at the end of the day, this is a team and it should feel
that way.
And I know it doesn't always, but you know what, we're going to really get into it.
Speaking of teams, it's time to play.
Ah, fuck, where's the, yeah.
I would've been a really great sideway.
Yeah.
I believe they're not, you've actually missed nothing.
Nice.
Thank you.
John my name, you should vote.
Welcome to Gunther No.
Yeah.
This is Rick's idea.
So Hoss's F1 team principle, Gunther Steiner is, is quickly, in the last four years,
so that may not that quick, become sort of a superstar.
Have we figured out if he's French because I can't place his accent?
That is German.
Pretty sure he's German.
Oh, da, da, donkish.
So this is Gunther No.
I'm going to play a sound clip.
You're going to tell me whether it's Gunther Steiner or someone else.
Sorry, he's Italian.
What?
He does not know Italian.
He's Italian, Italy.
Like, where was he?
He's Italian American.
That's insane.
Yeah.
It feels like he's American.
And he's doing what he thinks is an Italian accent.
He sounds like he's from Minnesota, but he's doing an Arnold Schwarzenegger impression.
Yeah.
But he sounds like.
Hold on.
He's a native of South Tirol, which is maybe on the border of Italy.
Yeah.
It's like a little bit of Switzerland though.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Okay.
So yeah.
He speaks German and Italian along with English.
What town is he from?
South Tirol.
Do you think because he's from South Tirol, that his mouth is viral?
No.
It's like he's good at giving head.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Gunther or nah.
This is for actual cash.
$10 for every right answer.
$10 is going to be very, very wrong answer.
Here we go.
I'm sure it's an offer and this is burning going to one.
No.
What?
Correct.
$10 to Micah.
Good word.
I was so worried because I've never heard him speak in any thought.
We gave you another context.
All right.
Here we go.
I don't mind.
No.
Maybe he didn't want to come because he had no point.
Maybe.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Correct.
$10 to Micah.
Neck and neck.
Here we go.
Practice seeing people is trees.
No.
I hit the wrong button.
That's correct.
$10 to Jake.
Jake is you're all tied at 10.
Here we go.
What's the party?
I wasn't invited.
No.
To cut a Johnson.
Correct.
Micah.
Micah pulls that with $20.
Here we go.
Yeah.
I should get some points for you.
Well, no.
I'm not.
Oh.
Correct.
This neck and neck.
$20.
Micah.
Here we go.
Hi.
My name is Guantastanza.
Yes.
Correct.
And like when I just said when I tweeted, I hope we play Gunther.
No.
I really thought it was going to be like reading quotes that sort of game.
But sometimes Jeff tries like outsmart us, but this is one that's just so dumb.
I mean, it's a 10 minute chunk that I had outlined.
I also wanted to give us time to talk about F1.
Yeah.
All right.
Where's the time?
In the name of the father and of the sudden of the Holy Spirit.
No.
It's a sermon.
Correct.
I'm going to give my $10 to Jake actually for that.
Me or now it's on the connect 2020.
By the way, there's not a clear winner.
Nobody gets any money.
So here we go.
Competition.
We are gathered together.
It's the same song.
You're around the world.
You're sitting out the same fucking guy.
You found three different audio files.
It was Ellen.
The sermon and an interview with Gunther.
Those are actually three different sermons.
There's a file that's been seen on the gap.
Like one on a Jewish one.
This is fucking shit.
Gunther.
All right.
I'm breaking the head with $30.
What was that?
Good.
Yes.
What was that?
Is that when someone slammed the door super hard?
Yeah.
Go ahead.
Would you repeat that again?
No.
Correct.
30, 30, 30.
I think.
Last one.
Good.
All right.
Name.
My name?
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha.
Um, so.
Okay. Yeah.
We've talked about it a little bit.
But I, signs is good.
Signs is good.
I'm not a huge fan of the fact that he is living in his father's shadow.
That's what makes it worse.
Yeah.
It's not a good thing.
Is that going to answer?
Well, I'm paying you money.
So.
I think you don't.
I don't know if it's a bad thing necessarily.
But it's like, you know, he had like a coach for freeze entire life.
So how's that more impressive than Daniel?
I think just about all of these kids grew up rich and had like five coaches.
Yeah.
Like with the exception.
Same for Louis Hamilton.
Yeah.
That makes me.
And Hamilton more.
And Estabella on.
Oh, I don't know that.
Cool.
Um, how did you settle on.
Again, with with as little spoilers as possible.
Uh, how did you settle on team for art?
It was at science.
The two drivers currently are very hot.
They're all hot.
Daniel.
I mean, no one is.
No one is as hot as La Clare.
He's like, yeah.
He's the ultimate himbo.
Yeah.
I think Carlos is hot.
I don't.
I mean, I think he's good looking.
But like Carlos is just really, really sweet.
I always thought he was just like a real sweetheart.
And it was like whatever teammate he's with.
He like created a bond that nobody else could like the fact that he did that with
Lando.
And then it's also doing it with La Clare.
Yeah.
It's nice.
I listen to this like a cage.
I occasionally listen to an F1 podcast that I would describe as like.
The twinnovation of F1 podcast.
Like a kind of business we have.
And they hate Carlos signs.
And they're like, he's a little sneak.
He's like a little snake.
He's going to steal Charles thunder.
So he's so bad.
I have to turn out.
But that's crazy.
I can't imagine not liking signs.
He's like.
He's he has like bad luck.
He's never won a race.
But he's so he's like so consistently good.
He was like the only person that scored points consistently last year for like.
Yeah.
Eight races or something.
He's quiet.
He's good.
Yeah.
The house was crazy though.
Season one.
You see a shot of this like pool.
And I'm like, who's pool is that?
He's huge mansion.
And then they have that kitchen where they have.
You have like like 18 of everything in the pantry.
And they're like sitting down for breakfast.
But with like the nicest breakfast movies I've ever seen.
Carlos.
He's a good follow on Instagram.
Yeah.
When they're like he off season.
And he just like goes home.
And he's just like living on the ocean surfing with his dog.
Yeah.
His dog's really cute.
He's a terrible food photographer.
He's hilarious.
He's a bad.
For like all of these.
He's had a couple bites.
I mean, I know.
It's like, so it's so bad.
You have to follow it.
And you'll see.
He's great though.
Yeah.
I love Carlos.
No spoilers.
Landos.
Great.
Um.
And I like Lewis Hamilton.
I really do.
But you guys don't feel bad rooting for like the team that wins it every time pretty much.
I don't.
But I don't.
I wouldn't.
I don't feel bad when he wins.
Yeah.
He what he's got that he does is kind of like insane.
Like he wins a lot of races that anyone else will lose.
Yeah.
Just beyond any other driver.
I really wanted him to win last year.
Soly because I was like.
He would have achieved the goal.
Like he would have beat.
Michael Srivaka's record.
Like there's no more after that.
Like it doesn't matter.
Yeah.
And it would have been like less dramatic.
And now it's more dramatic.
And I just I want him to win to get to that place.
Like right.
I'd rather someone else win.
But I want him to win to.
I'd rather.
I would like him to win this year after the.
How bad he got fucked at.
Uh.
And I would not be.
He got lucky feed.
Yeah.
Spoiler.
There's no way Jeff doesn't.
I didn't know that.
But also like the show.
The show is not really about like explain.
Like things that happened in F1.
It's things that are happening behind the scenes.
Like I.
Yeah.
I watched that race.
Would be exactly.
I watched every race last year.
And I'm still loving season four.
Yeah.
Like it gives you more of your thoughts on Christian Horner.
How do you feel about him?
I haven't.
I wouldn't go across him.
Yeah.
I've truly.
You must.
No.
There's the whole.
What about the.
Daniel Ricardo.
His like contract thing.
This an app doesn't that happen early.
Yeah.
But the other the other.
The other drivers.
Max.
Something.
Christian Horner's the team principal for.
Oh.
He's like seeing him talk to like Ricardo's dad.
And he's like like trying to like butter him up a little bit.
But who knows.
Micah.
You know, just because you haven't seen any F1 stuff.
It seems like he watched his first race this weekend.
Oh, I watched.
I watched a few races last season too.
What did you think?
It was exciting.
At the time.
And then in between those times.
It was going to be boring.
Yeah.
But it's a perfect.
If it is the perfect phone companion.
Yeah.
It's like the perfect.
Sun day act.
Sun day.
Yeah.
But there on Sundays.
I wouldn't know.
I'm not going to watch them.
I can't.
I probably will just check in on qualifiers.
But Micah was that cock of yours.
He was into F1.
He was going to talk about that.
You said we didn't work anymore.
I am going to the Canadian Grand Prix.
Hmm.
When is that out?
In June.
Have you guys seen Love Is Blind?
Yes.
I've loved it.
I want to spend the rest of my life with.
I've never seen her before.
Welcome to Love Is Fines.
Okay.
So.
The name of the game is Love Is Fines.
Jake, I know you're married.
I understand there's some.
There's some tension though.
Cause Jill reached out to me, which was weird.
It's a miracle.
It's marital.
Bliss.
For me.
And it's marital.
This for Jill.
Meaning.
I am dismissed from my bliss.
And she has.
With a slap on the wrist.
She has a wrist.
So basically, I can, you know, it's safe to say you guys are all
looking for love.
And so this is a game where you're going to, you know,
go on dates.
So to speak with the love of your life,
potentially.
But you can't see who they are.
And it is really nice.
So why don't we start with Marika.
Marika, let's say you're on a first day.
You're in your little pod.
What's the first question you might ask?
I'd probably ask him why he.
Spoke out in supportive.
Jake, you're outing.
Hmm.
I'm a god.
I wouldn't live forever.
Yeah.
That's not a good first day.
Yeah, not a good, not a good response.
And then boom, you're in your talking head.
What are you saying about fines?
I mean, sorry.
So he's a turf.
For sure.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's swing it over to Michael.
Michael, you're on your first blind date,
which is should we say fines date with someone you don't even know.
You can't see who they are.
You're going to get to know him.
What's your first question?
Is it ray fines?
What's that?
Is it, is it ray fines?
Like that's your first date with.
Yeah.
Who is it?
You know, you're not allowed to see them.
You can infer maybe based on the voice.
You said it was ray fines.
I said love is fines.
Meaning you're not going to be able to see who you're talking to.
And it is ray fines.
Okay.
I would ask him if he's going to be in the next bond film.
Or who the next bond is.
I require your warm.
He doesn't seem like a good listener.
I require your bond.
I mean, I'd say I require your bond or blood.
Which one?
One.
I don't really.
I thought I had Michael got to choose the next bond.
Like they do that they seeded power to choose the next bond to ray fines.
And actually could just play bond.
Actually he was.
He was.
But he gives his power to Michael.
All right, Jake, you're in your pod.
What's your first question?
How many sexual partners have you had?
Some to a few times a day is a nice lift.
I should sue.
Clearly avoiding the question.
It must be real.
It must be a lot.
Yeah.
Changing the subject.
Also, I almost got in two bar fights in Crested Beauty.
Why?
People are aggressive in that town, man.
I didn't start either of them,
but I definitely matched the aggression.
Because I, and I'm not an aggressive person.
So that was surprising to me.
The first time we were in this bar.
It was St. Patrick's Day.
So also, I mean, I was really just picked.
It's a big fighting day.
Irish tradition.
Yeah.
But there was this guy.
He was like in his 50s.
He was like really drunk and yelling.
And then the bartender took like popcorn.
It was like shut the fuck up.
And like through popcorn atom.
And then later we thought that this pool table was open.
That he had been playing on all night.
So like my friend Kevin lined up the, the white ball.
And he was like, hey, like this is my table.
And they were like, oh, sorry.
Like, didn't think you were still playing.
He was like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, this is my house.
So you don't, like, you don't want to fuck with the table.
I was like, all right, sorry.
And then he went back and didn't play again.
And then Kevin was like, like, what are the odds?
He like grab a ball and run to the bathroom.
And I was like, I don't need to do odds.
I'm just going to do it.
So I grabbed like one of the balls and like,
pretended to run to the bathroom,
but didn't even.
And then came back and put it right there.
And then he like got in my face and was like,
like, you know, like, if you, you shouldn't look for trouble here.
Like, this isn't the place to look for trouble.
He's like, where you from?
And I was like, like, well, L.A.
And he's like, yeah, well, I lived down the street.
And I was like, all right.
And he's like, so you don't want to, like,
and I was like, there's not going to be any trouble.
And like, I was like, also in his face,
which I was like, shouldn't have done probably.
And then he was like, yeah, like, again,
this is my house.
And I was like, this is your house.
Is that why the bartender was throwing popcorn at you earlier
until you just shut the fuck up?
And he like kind of stumbled and he's like, what?
Shake my hand.
And I was like, no.
And then he's like, and then he's just like kind of like shook his head
and like walked away.
And then he like, we were like,
stayed where we were standing next to the pool table.
And then we started doing bits about something else.
We completely moved on.
And then he thought we were laughing at him.
And then he like came up to like trying to start something
with us again.
And I was just like, let's just move over there.
And then the second time I was in line
to go to the bathroom at a different bar.
And there were three people in front of me.
And everybody was going in and just it was like a one-stall bathroom.
Nobody was closing the door.
It seemed fine.
Everybody was drunk.
I was late in the night.
I didn't think twice about it.
So when I went in just following everybody else's lead,
I'd peed with the door open.
And then like this guy bursts into the bathroom.
And he's like, like, what are you doing?
Like, being with the door open?
And I was like, dude, get out of here.
And it was like, it was truly space for one person.
So he was like inches away from me as I'm actively peeing.
And then like when I finally like walk out,
he was like, like, what the fuck was that?
And he was like, or he said that to me.
And I was like, what the fuck was that?
What was the fuck was that?
You don't walk into the bathroom when someone's peeing.
And then he was like, everybody else was peeing
with the door open.
And it wasn't a fucking issue.
Do you even work here?
And he was like, yeah, I'm the bouncer.
And I'm like, oh, oh.
I'm so sorry.
Then he's like, oh, now you're sorry.
I'm like, yeah.
Because I was your son guy who like assaulted me basically.
If you're the bouncer, then of course I shouldn't do it.
Like, yes, I'll listen to you.
And then you make the rules.
Yeah.
And then I apologize to him on our way out.
And it was all fine.
But closest I've come to being in a fight in a long time.
And what about was it with a 50 year old?
Yeah.
I mean, he wasn't going to fight me.
That's why I was like, I wanted to raise him a little bit.
Anyway, you were peeing with the door wide open.
Everybody was doing it.
I thought we got a lot of things.
Was it a stall door?
So there was like a door to the bathroom and then the stall door was on.
I feel like you're not putting your eggs in the basket that is fine.
And you're never going to find love if not.
Well, it's fine.
Second day.
That's fine.
So know that you can ask maybe some more personal questions.
Here we go.
Oh, just, I mean, again, I'd probably follow up on my previous question.
I don't think I'd be on the day with a, any more.
Because he didn't answer.
But for the sake of argument.
For the sake of argument, just ask another question.
Yeah.
Oh, I probably ask him why he likes doing the Kingsman movies.
Because I don't like them.
Mmm, that's good.
It's, um, I parachute it out of a plane.
My parachute's caught on a tree.
And I'm dangling about, you see, this big precipice.
And this is my escape trying to get out using knives that I have on me.
Because I take off a boot, I put a knife in the tail of the boot, which I used to chip into the ice.
And I climb up.
And so a lot of it is digital enhancement.
Mmm.
Yeah.
So not, not really answered.
Could have been an answer.
It could potentially be a, like, I like he likes doing this.
Yeah.
I don't know if that was in those movies.
Also, what he, it was in coherent rambling.
That's not what happens in the Kingsman.
Second day.
Uh, what do you do for fun?
I think Ginny's honesty and integrity of huge value to me.
He's a Ginny's honesty and integrity.
I thought he's a Ginny.
No.
I thought he said Ginny.
Jake?
Describe, uh, describe your penis to me in detail.
Too greedy.
Um, but I also, uh, might seem so many things that I just, like, want to totally grab all.
Who is that?
That was Paul Baino.
Why?
You can't just have one participant on him.
Do you mind?
Or love his mind?
I want to go on a date with Paul Diano.
Um, alright.
Maria, can I bring us home?
One last thing.
For fines.
Yeah.
Uh,
What's his favorite movie?
I love you.
Too fast.
And I love his earning to be honest because I really
nagged him.
So.
I really.
Can't believe Jake got the Diano quote.
That was love his dad and Mano.
Um, that really didn't go well.
Oh, it finds.
I keep deciding to do that at home.
Very less.
Like, when the word is out of my mouth.
You can make it play all really quickly.
All right.
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point to people to the floor is yours?
Let's start with Micah.
Oh, God.
I don't have anything.
Or about a wallet, though.
Oh, cop.
Yeah.
Buy our wallet.
We made wallets.
Are you guys still selling hats?
We are.
Yeah.
We sure are.
Actually, I need one because I gave one to some random guy.
Random guy.
Kind of.
I'll talk about it.
We'll chat offline.
I gave it to Dayno on an on a date.
Paul.
Hey, it's.
Who?
Never mind.
Uh, yeah.
Follow.
Follow brothers.
House.
On Instagram.
And buy a wallet.
Yeah.
For a hat.
Jake.
Uh, follow my new surfing Instagram.
Uh, Jake.
Jake.
Jake's the rift.
Horrible.
You guys are going to do Jake and me surfing with insecurity.
Oh, God.
I do so.
Marie.
Yeah.
Um.
I need to cut your object.
You're more.
No, no, no.
I just want everyone to know.
I don't really have a surfing instrument.
For the people that they know is great.
Um.
Follow me on Twitter.
Instagram and letter box at Marie Gailon.
Also.
Uh, exo exo gossip king.
So really funny gossip girl.
Rewatch podcast with Carl Tart in the Marwoods.
Now has a YouTube.
So you can watch video episodes.
Uh, it's really fun.
Uh, so subscribe to that.
Subscribe to the for you YouTube.
Subscribe to the keeping records of YouTube.
Um.
And listen to newcomers, which is on its fifth season.
Uh, Nicole buyer and Lauren Lapkas are watching the MCU
are bridged and great for me kind of sometimes I hear about the movies
that they don't like and get a deep sadness within me.
But it's fine.
And it's fun.
Uh, and you should listen because it's really funny.
Um, I had a pitch for newcomers season.
What it would be.
Five or six.
Six.
Double WWE.
They would hate that.
The story lines are, I don't watch it, but George's friend watches it.
And sometimes George would be like, hey, this.
So this is a storyline happening in the WWE and it's fucking crazy.
Uh, they could just watch it like for eight weeks leading up to WrestleMania.
Cool.
Do you want to yes in the room?
Thank you.
It's under consideration.
Fine.
Got to go through multiple rounds of approval.
You can follow me on Instagram at Jeffrey James on Twitter at Jeff Boyardy.
Uh, also if you're, um, a urologist and the Los Angeles basin.
Um, please give me a call.
I'm having some.
Yeah.
No.
Polesating.
Pain.
Um, which did up in that bathroom in Colorado.
There was at the door was open.
I was, you know, basically trying to get a vanilla disease and uh, succeeded.
How's that for my reality?
Oh, that's really good.
Uh, we'll end on that.
We'll see you guys again next week.
Thanks for watching this episode of the Headcom podcast.
That's Doz folks.
Thanks for watching.
That was a Headcom original.